update metris documentation (#427)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/metris/README.md

          },
          "incoming_requests_pt5m": {
            "$id": "#/properties/event_hub/properties/incoming_requests_pt5m",
            "type": "integer",
            "title": "The incoming_requests_pt5m Schema",
            "description": "The number of incoming events counted of the last 5 mins.",
            "default": 0,
            "examples": [3]
          },
          "max_incoming_bytes_pt5m": {
            "$id": "#/properties/event_hub/properties/max_incoming_bytes_pt5m",
            "type": "integer",
            "title": "The Max_incoming_bytes_pt5m Schema",
            "description": "The maximum incoming bytes over last 5 minutes.",
            "default": 0,
            "examples": [5600]
          },
          "max_outgoing_bytes_pt5m": {
            "$id": "#/properties/event_hub/properties/max_outgoing_bytes_pt5m",
            "type": "integer",
            "title": "The Max_outgoing_bytes_pt5m Schema",
            "description": "The maximum outgoing byte over last 5 minutes.",
            "default": 0,
            "examples": [5600]
          }
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "version": "1",
  "eventTimeField": "event.timestamp"
}
```

> An example of data sent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of data sent to EDP:
```

```json
{
  "resource_groups": [
    "group1",
    "group2"
  ],
  "compute": {
    "vm_types": [
      {
        "name": "Standard_D8_v3",
        "count": 3
      },
      {
        "name": "Standard_D6_v3",
        "count": 2
      }
    ],
    "provisioned_cpus": 24,  
    "provisioned_ram_gb": 96,
    "provisioned_volumes": {
      "size_gb_total": 150,
      "count": 3,
      "size_gb_rounded": 192
    }
  },
  "networking": {
    "provisioned_loadbalancers": 1,
    "provisioned_vnets": 2,
    "provisioned_ips": 3
  },
  "event_hub": {
    "number_namespaces": 3,
    "incoming_requests_pt1m": 3,
    "max_incoming_bytes_pt1m": 5600,
    "max_outgoing_bytes_pt1m": 5600,
    "incoming_requests_pt5m": 0,
    "max_incoming_bytes_pt5m": 0,
    "max_outgoing_bytes_pt5m": 0
  }
}
```

> As can be seen, the `event_hub` part of the data is specific for Azure, whereas the other sections can be used with other hyperscalers as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `event_hub` part of the data is specific for Azure, but the other sections can be used with other hyperscalers as well.
```
